everybody welcome back northern land
please biting my skenfrith gloves no I'm
fine playing pretty well lately we want
to keep a run recently maybe the last
run-in excuse me
random engine I didn't say the lost I
said the last q4y our way qy4 are in
porque a you for real w1 v8 which one
vapes that's nonsensical alright so as
you can tell my brain is not at the
right place to win a lost run but I
actually disagree with my own assessment
there I've been playing good Isak lately
again you may agree with me ok good
start you may disagree with me but what
matters is that we have a chance to
prove it here it's a tough call and I
mean this sincerely Bob's our on the
head is what I'm going to take that's
good actually but Bob's right ahead is
what I'm going to take because I don't
want to accidentally use the d4 however
the d4 has value if we find ourselves in
an otherwise like it's a super Hail Mary
like we're down by six points and
there's one second left on the clock
we're on our own five-yard line like you
can launch that d4 lose holy mantle
permanently in the hopes of getting
something that you know saves the run
for you this is a like a really really
bad start for me in terms of my own
personal play here but I got to be
honest I just came off an excellent
daily and that keeper run that we had
recently it was easy but at the same
time it was the keeper you know you
still got to tick all the boxes on a
keeper run no matter no matter how easy
it is so good to know I guess with Bob's
rotten head we've 100% half to hit an
enemy or spectral tears we'll just carry
it off of the screen I guess chocolate
milk can be a lovely item if you are one
of the people out there who watch Robert
play The Binding of Isaac or Austin and
you're like why did you take chocolate
milk it's a bad item it's my
responsibility as a semi learn
Isak content creator to let you know
that those guys are out of their minds
yeah well what do they say about running
into enemies for no reason just to take
damage well okay you know everybody
hurts everybody crying we're going to be
fine this is not a tough room
do it again here's the thing with the
loss you can get hit once on every room
with no consequences it's just as a
consequence of getting it that second
time it's going to hurt you real bad but
the first time so that's free it's like
you're chatting me for taking too many
free samples at the Costco you know it's
built into the cost of the membership
which we don't have anymore we stopped
going to Costco I'll explain why this is
I feel like economics is really missing
out what is this High Priestess is good
in fact I'm going to say that that's
better than two of keys which I should
have used to give myself one key at the
very least but here's the problem with
Costco every time we went to Costco we
ended up buying stuff we live in a small
apartment right I have no doubt I you
know grew up with my parents shopping at
Costco all the time we had a house big
old freezer you go there you pay your
$100 a year from membership it's not
that much like two dollars a week you
save two dollars a week when you go to
Costco for both groceries absolutely but
we're going there there I need some
toothpaste here's 20 tubes of toothpaste
now we got to buy like real estate to
find a place to put all the freaking
toothpaste we just bought God to the
point it was ridiculous and also is like
a veggie straws you want some veggies
drugs yet but want some venue straws I
like veggie straws I don't think that
they're healthy I just enjoy the taste
of them and then we got lucky not to get
hit there by the way
well how many veggie straws would you
like thinking maybe I'll take like one
big bag oh you won big bang well the
closest unit that we have to that is a
20 small bags I guess I'll take 20 small
bags of veggie straws please
and you know what happens when you get
20 small bags of veggie straws yeah eat
20 small bags of veggie straws and it's
like you know I don't like veggie straws
as much as I used to anymore as a result
of that that's a bit of a fib i loved-ed
you straws they're delicious but you
know you understand this so we just let
our membership to Costco lapse but it's
a great company and to be honest with
you if you needed a membership to go to
the food court I might reconsider it but
considering I can still get those
delicious hotdogs for like a dollar
fifty I'm not sweating it too much right
now right next to the flippin stadium to
bud going to go see 2017 28 teams worst
team in the NHL Vancouver can actually
get a quick little $3.75 per pin before
get yourself a little something
something you might be able to afford a
jersey after 10 seasons okay easy fight
against Montreal Bob's running head is
doing literally the bare minimum amount
of work but I respected placenta is
irrelevant but to guppy items has got me
three copy items has got me thinking
he's done it especially because one of
those Goffe items was nine lives so
we're really really almost completely
set as a result of the world's greatest
deal with the devil that is incredible
that has happened to us before but it is
rare for guppy items okay we're at this
point what even is this world anymore in
two rooms the guys are technically three
I guess we have four guppy items
that's too many gothic items I'm not
complaining in fact I'm over the moon
this should be one of the easiest loss
runs we've ever had and now that I said
that I've invited the curse into my life
I feel evil creeping in but either way
we're going to be unreasonably well
positioned to have a great chance to win
today's daily and honestly with a keeper
went in there and a lost went in there
I'm really feeling like feeling
this is the chosen streak we've survived
the strife early on
well we haven't survived strife on this
run but largely we sort of have it's
already about as strong as like the
average winning lost run now our PSAPs
are barely not good well fairly not good
for now pretty okay for a start but an
even start I guess but you get the idea
we can still obviously use an
improvement in terms of our overall
damage our rate of fire especially with
chocolate notes the faster we can get
that charge the better in fact at this
point it might be better to just get
something that causes us to lose
chocolate milk much to Robert in
Austin's vindication and I see we
obviously want to keep a copy said here
simply because it would allow some more
easily generate flies but not going to
sweat that too much right now what I am
gonna hope for is another great deal
with the devil and loss runs and keeper
runs you can ball out of control
with like no guilt whatsoever so moms
knife brimstone particularly brimstone
but by the way we may die a couple times
on this run great time for that and
great you know payoff out of that as
well
obviously I'm a hoping that we don't but
we may die that's what's nice about
having nine lives is that even if we die
to get plenty of opportunities to pull
this run back but we shouldn't die if
only to say thank you to like the rng
gods for giving us the greatest like
deal with the devil you could ever have
is the lost
we shouldn't rebuke them by just like
failing miserably
soon afterwards right we also have 46
cents which is ridiculous considering
we're on the third floor which is why
I'm making such an effort to ensure that
we do get into our shop here because I
mean for one thing I really want hive
mind
I may be compost as well
of course plenty of other items that
would be good like I'm not going to say
no to a you know Pandora's box or a
champion belt sir
who knows what a Kaos does for us at
this point in our lives I got no idea
nine-volts etc etc but anything that ups
our damage is priority number one steam
sales pretty good and we will spend a
bomb to get no more money but a better
deal with the devil chance which is
meaningless either way this is an
exceptionally good set up steam sale you
know what are the odds that we're going
to go fight hush pretty lows so we
really need to make that work for us on
one of these future shops but it should
at the very least pay for itself and
under the right circumstances it's a
great enabler for something like reef
stock but even just being able to buy it
and still have at least four items in
the can that we can get here with the
amount of money that we presently have
is is totally fine and there's like
another two items right there so I do
think you know prepare your ears for
being mildly annoyed wherever sensible
I'm going to try to do tap shooting
there are going to be some situations
where like if we're fighting pretty
small enemies I don't care how many
slides I generate you know if two or
three chocolate-milk charges is going to
kill them anyway I'll just do that
because it's easier on my hands and
doesn't make too much of a difference in
our quality of life to begin with but
against bosses we might be doing some
nasty tap shooting so I mean that's the
reason that chocolate milk is I wouldn't
say hated but it's actually a very well
liked item based on the fact that I was
not necessarily well-liked myself for
saying you know two years ago I'm never
going to take chocolate milk because it
hurts my hands it's better in after
birth anyway so I mean this is obviously
great as well we take the mark we take
ceremonial rose we take Abaddon now our
damage is up in the eight range health
up is meaningless but that's fine
and you know we're loving life right now
feels like I'm walking on sunshine
hematemesis who cares let's get a move
on so he basically more than doubled our
damage in one deal with the devil and by
basically I mean literally doubled our
damage from one deal with the devil with
no negative consequences whatsoever
don't others tell you straight up this
runs not getting rear old so if we come
across a double reroll room you know so
be it
that double reroll room will stay there
until the end of time you got hug allows
hug allows have a higher upper bound for
usefulness in the chariot but the
chariot is like a classic lost item for
us to roll with here it's not like we
need a saving grace we basically have 10
failsafe or nine failsafe thanks to nine
lives but I wouldn't say no to it brown
nugget vs. Guppies head is not a close
call I'm sorry to say dude we just got a
3-cent hive mind so dull razor is
actually what I'm going to take and
that's what I was going to say like you
know it's unfortunate for Brown nugget
but there's really no reason for me to
compromise myself on a lost run I think
that goes without saying
however dull razor has so much potential
good that could come out of it that I
don't see it as a compromise
I don't think Guffey gives you the
infestation effect but I keep using dull
razor now and then just in case it does
like you might as well get the extra
flies
I feel lucky punk do I yes
Dixon balls of steel it's irrelevant
feels like I'm walking on sunshine is
the same as the chariot basically except
the chariot does contact damage so
obviously this is much better we got
such a good run though I'm just waiting
for the dull razor payout that's a tears
upgrade and a fairly substantial one
dude we are crushing it like a hydraulic
press right now and this is you know I
talk sometimes I'm like well you know
the odds of you winning is a composite
of your own personal play as well as the
quality of the run that you get not in
this case our odds of winning are pretty
much 100% dependent on the fact that
we've our honor percent influenced at
least by the fact that we got like the
greatest possible loss payouts of all
time even on our last deal with the
devil we got like super good things for
the loss considering they were free I
mean speed upgrades not that bad mr.
mega is sort of relevant for us clicker
is like a you know betrays the spirit of
the random but could theoretically be
good and take papa fly which should do
almost nothing for us but at least
contributes towards Beelzebub which
should also do almost nothing for us
because we can already fly and generate
flies at our leisure basically I'm just
waiting on like a same a same really
pulls this one into the 21st century not
we don't even need the extra spirit art
that means people as range is good too
but we don't even need the extra spirit
arts via theme we just need a we just
need the extra damage and to be honest
2d we don't need the extra damage I need
to tell from the fact that you know I'm
actually doing my posts Isaac stretch 14
minutes into a lost run that we are
going to win this run there was probably
like a 95% chance we win when we first
got guppy I think it's actually it's
only gone up since then with the fact
that you know we picked up that super
cheap hive mind and then Abaddonn mark
ceremonial robes for free is an
unbelievable deal so this is you know
some of you out there might still be
trying to get your lost achievements it
you're going to be looking at this and
going he's the luckiest man in the world
and I am you know I lead a life that I
enjoy and I find fulfilling as long as
I'm not being yelled effort accidentally
using the wrong episode number but
either way you know what fishhead dull
razor dude it's got something you've got
to admit it's got something going on
here but you shouldn't expect this if it
happens to you it happens but this is
even for me this is a little on the
outrageous side so effectively what does
the Rays are giving us right now it's
twice as bad for half as good is a more
positive way to describe that we will
take chaos it's half as good as Guppies
head but it stands to get better in the
future as well
you know because we can stack up more
things that affect us on hit we just
don't need the ladder so we like what do
we care get the heck out of here we
might want to do boss rush I would the
thing that would make boss rush an easy
do for me as if we got either void
although losing the dull razor for it
would sting a little weed you know
examine that at a case-by-case basis or
a black rune in a black room would be
lovely obviously a teleport card would
be important as well I got a recording
session scheduled in four hours so let
me check Skype here and see why it says
our IP oh it says our IP because I said
to Austin I couldn't play player
unknowns battleground until later
tonight when we're doing our recording
session that's that's a perfectly
respectable Skype message office I'm not
putting you on blast but you know when
the Skype preview when it says our IP I
know that we're on the internet and our
IP doesn't necessarily mean somebody
died but I was like I better make sure
just in case that would definitely add a
little you know a different tone to the
rest of the video luckily no worries
so what do we have to do to stay alive
on this run basically as long as we
don't you know our IP ourselves in real
life we shouldn't have a conceivable
chance to die and the emperor card is
like that's free boss rush so I'm
excited and experimental treatment is a
luck upgrade but it tears down grade so
it's the mildest of mild bombers now I
don't think we've had two tiers upgrade
on this one I think that was the earlier
run than ever recorded today but we will
check mom's coin purse regardless you
never know health up is irrelevant
walking on sunshine explosive diarrhea
and I found pills and we don't need
anything else unless we'd like want a
bomb for whatever reason which I don't
believe that we do so honestly I think
we're pretty much good to go although we
will go to the item room as well it's
weird but I have to remind you that it's
extremely blessed if you have a lost run
that has the luxury of being boring you
know I'm just realizing now that maybe
the fishhead actually does not give us
oh you know what dull razor actually
stinks as the lost because we're not
simulating taking damage we've had this
happen before
instead of simulating taking damage I'm
pretty sure it actually just cost you
your holy mantle charge so we should get
rid of something we should have stuck
with guppies head but you know it's not
the biggest loss in the world what we
should do is look for a space bar item
to replace it again not a not a big
problem and if we ever lose our like you
know walk into that then we get the
extra flies we saw the circle expand
there but it's not an efficient way to
handle this item so we're going to need
a better way to take advantage of this
rule ok our item room is just bereft
where where could it be now is that has
that episode gone up yet the player
unknown battlegrounds episode who could
it be now from current plan down who
could it be
ok it's a good episode but without my
backup singers I can't carry it as much
well ok I'll steal with the devil
as peter baelish said you know chaos
isn't a pit it's a ladder it would be
ironic if we got the ladder after saying
that but let's go over going polaroid
going in here Hadrian ever knew about
this one is also you'll be very barely I
mean why not I guess but mystery sack is
our item of choice unfortunately anyway
yeah I almost bought them but then I
thought better of it because I mean we
are still compromising ourselves
slightly to make that work and even
losing one life means something albeit
very very little
mostly it's a needless use of time if we
were unbelievably strong like if we had
shoopdawhoop which might actually be the
most likely and excellent replacement
for dull razor I would probably do it
because I imagine she would probably
lead to us killing every wave instantly
except for the ones that obviously like
start underground
we've got golden bombs so I don't feel
too bad about that at the time
Samson's lock I guess in theory there is
a play there what we could do is like
get one enemy left walk into these guys
then use that and as Samson's lock give
us a damage bonus for that because
that's kind of what I'm banking on here
you know an opportunity for us to take
damage in a safe environment is actually
very nice real fortune temperance both
not that amazing but Wheel of Fortune
does have relevance if we go down to the
shop bombs and money less likely to have
relevance
the only time money will have relevance
is that we choose to go to the hush
fight in all likelihood and that's not
going to happen unless we get a chaos
card which as we know is not even a
chaos card it's a ladder but either
would see that's not a good peter
baelish
he has many different voices this is the
one in what you should not trust him
you're right by the way I said that was
a Bobby Boucher voice but it's really
more of a little Nicky voice we care
about that unless we can get a chest on
that room dude for room plus butter is
what we need like for room gift butter
you know the gift that you get from the
shop that allows you to endlessly
recreate items that's the moneymaker
right there I finally found a use for
four rooms on the womb and they use for
butter
and you can also use it as a spread for
your bread based foods or as a fad in
cooking to crisp up foods nice okay yeah
you sure okay we're gonna take the son
card and use it as a map and again we're
losing an item by doing so we're also
regaining part of our sanity because
there's no reason for us to do all of
the Cathedral just so we can get what
might amount to being a pretty crappy
item Plan C is garbage admittedly maybe
9lives is the right time to use it but I
don't think so I think Lazarus rag is
the right time to use it because you
respond on the same room in that way if
the animation to kill the enemy probably
a boss takes too long you're still going
to be fine so we want to go this way I'm
not going to go to the arcade because I
am never going to play a blood bank and
I don't care about playing a slot
machine or a three skull Monte as much
and I'm not going to go I will go to the
curse room and I will look at the dice
room but I'm being straight up with you
I will never reroll this run if I could
reroll it and guarantee we would still
have nine lives I would be okay with it
because I think we could make almost any
run work right now I'm going to go to
the girls room I can't resist and this
might be the best payout for us bureau
dogs do nothing and we're already guppy
so a son and an emperor dude
sign me up so we'll use the emperor card
on the cathedral and this is going to be
like rapid fire loss shenanigans and
anon susurrus we're getting a little
ridiculous but we did get the key okay
well check the double key room I knew
they were going to ask me to do it and
you know that I'm going to do it but
first I'm going to kill the boss so we
will maintain our gubbeen as' kill the
boss first we will maintain our
governess
however we will change this run-up and
we'll probably lose nine lives I assume
and we'll never know if we have a one up
unless we spot it got to take it dude
why not I guess we get Leviathan we
should stick with that transformation as
well we're the law so we're going to be
able to fly regardless but you're gonna
say what was all that talk about not uh
what was all that talk about not re
rollin the run well you should know by
now that my word is worth nothing and
that was before I knew we were going to
have a reroll item or a reroll room I
should say now that I see that we got a
rear roller room you got to do it that's
just as easy as it comes so we will not
even have the holy mantle anymore which
is hilarious but you know what as far as
I'm concerned we already won this run by
default we won now we're doing the slam
dunk competition
it's up to us to have an interesting run
no no that is actually suicide but the
reroll is as far as I'll go here okay
and these are decent items dude maybe
not tiny planet but without holy mantle
and without knowing whether or not we
have lives a pretty reasonable chance
that we will just die the first time we
get hit and not come back to life so I
mean I'd rather not our damage is great
that doesn't really protect us I don't
know if there's any way I mean we could
look into the menu and see if there's a
chance we'd come back to life lay we see
if we have a one-up I can't remember one
up actually manifests itself as a
familiar or not but when you rather just
discover it on the fly and kind of live
with this uncertainty until the moment
presents itself the way I choose to live
my life here and this makes the wind
that much more impressive and you know
what again we already get the credit for
the wind as far as I'm concerned the
streak wont increment if we die but we
won that run there was almost literally
zero chance of a loss so we've sold that
run hi
we bought low as the lost where nobody
well nobody would have given us like an
80% chance that way and people probably
would have given us you know two-thirds
maybe based on previous loss play I
suppose but and we sold high weary
rolled it from a guaranteed winner to
something else to try to make the dream
happen so far can't complain
22 damage with a 14 rate of fire pretty
solid but all it takes is one all dude
this is actually huge all it takes is
one a Burin room two one aberrant attack
really to kind of throw it
that scared me who could it be
dude mob the void is actually crushing
it to such an extreme degree here so
always whenever possible move away from
the origin point when you're trying to
find the boss room gotta kill him before
he doesn't attack for maximum certainty
so just beat this room without getting
hit pop holy card on the box fight
you're probably fine alright well this
was a great run for my personal
reputation and I feel excellent thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
helps out a great deal and of course
subscribe if you don't see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time